# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - May 7th, 2024 14:15 UTC

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] @JakeHartnell (Meow)
  - [x] @poroburu
  - [x] @Dat-Andre
  - [x] @kopeboy (Lorenzo)
  - [x] @rayraspberry


- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** @poroburu
- **Secretary:** @andreGo 

- **Recording:** Craig key: GM1JbDX4bqAB

1. Approve Previous Minutes
    - [X] [April 30th, 2024](./20240430-Meeting-Public-Minutes.md)
      - Submitted to Github and Approved
        - Discussion on the minutes submission and approval process

2. Working Group Updates
    - ü§ù **Vesting** ü§ù @kopeboy
        - Zeke and wynd went to Core1 subdao. It was asked to former Core 1 members top send those funds back to treasury. (asked on May 3rd)
        - Everything else is finalized (Reece and Noah)
    - ü§ù **Github Ownership** ü§ù @kopeboy + @rayraspberry
        - This topic was discussed during last council meeting and it was agreed that Dimi and Ray will privately (security reasons) redefine and present the new set of members. 
    - ü§ù **Critical Infrastructure** ü§ù @Dat-Andre
        - 3 RFPs are out in the wild
        - dApp development support role - waiting for proposal reformulation from the candidate 
    - ü§ù **Budget & Treasury** ü§ù @rayraspberry
        - Budget approved. Currently on veto lock (?)
        - Development departmet will put up a proposal to the council requesting for funds for delegates Q1 compensation. Afterwards a new proposal will be done within the department for the destribution of those funds to the delegates.
        - Dedicated Budget Meeting recommended by Poroburu
        - Define policy with clear dates on budget formulation, so that recurring  payments are not impacted by the formulation of each budget by Lorenzo
        - Define budgeting process and accounting reporting policy and structure
            - Budgeting Process is separate of Balance Sheet or accounting for expenses
            - Dev Dept can propose to work with DAODAO to build accounting and reporting into DAODAO including GAPP and proposal tagging for financial reporting
    - ü§ù **Conflict of Interest Policy** ü§ù @kopeboy
        - Draft proposal is on [github](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/pull/17) 
        - Thread created by Lorenzo on Development department channel to discuss with members
        - Next step is to put up a proposal to the council on the commonwealth for discussion (at least 1 week). 
    - ü§ù **Development Relations** ü§ù @poroburu
        - no update
        - waiting to work with the dApp RFP role 
    - ü§ù **Internal Tooling** ü§ù
        - no update
        - Kopeboy asking about putting it on hold 
    - ü§ù **Documentation** ü§ù
        - No update

## Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)
    - No new submissions to the form or new emails submitted
    - Poroburu no longers receives dev.dept@juno.zone emails as part of recusal from RFP process
---

## New Business

1. Council Meeting Recap
    - Budget summary from the council meeting by Ray
3. RFP Presentation Recap
    -  
5. Mercury DEX Proposal (RFP#6 Submission#1)
    - Lorenzo provided some feeback and asked for some clarification on some of the points of the RFPs
    - The timelock will serve as a dealine for redefining the deliverables section (process and agreement)

## Amended Agenda Business

1. Coinstore Meeting Review
    -  Coinstore will develope a custom proposal for Juno
3. Compensation for Q1 Delegation
    - already discussed in Budget
5. Intradepartment & Interdepartment Consensus
    -  Set "owners" internal to dev department of the topic
    -  Would prefer to talk about and reach consensus internally as a development department before bringing items to #cross or other departments or vendors to provide for maximum efficiency and effectiness 

5. Recusal of Poroburu from RFP process
    - may potentially submit a proposal for an RFP, so wants to clearly re
