# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - April 23rd, 2024

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] @JakeHartnell (Meow)
  - [x] @poroburu
  - [x] @Dat-Andre
  - [x] @kopeboy (Lorenzo)
  - [x] @rayraspberry

- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** @Dat-Andre
- **Secretary:** @rayraspberry

- **Recording:** [Craig Recording](https://craig.horse/rec/M68BHHeeT2XJ?key=aeXyWQ)

1. Approve Previous Minutes
    - [x] [April 23rd, 2024](./20240409-Meeting-Internal-Minutes.md)
      - Submitted to Github and Approved
        - Discussion on the minutes submission and approval process
    
2. Working Group Updates
    - ü§ù **Vesting** ü§ù @kopeboy
      - Procedure created in Github
      - @JakeHartnell to review and approve
        - The withdrawal amount is not shown in the UI
        - the balance of the contract is the withdrawable from the owner and the stake
      - junod query wasm contract-state smart [contract:address] '{"ownership": {}}'
      - Wynd Vesting Contract Owner - `juno1a4pjj5l4szl7kq8u4h07se3675fsqcfh66vtks7hlckgz2kpaq0ssn309f`
      - @kopeboy would like @JakeHartnell to be more active in the Vesting reclaimation process
      - Vesting Proposal for a vote: [DAODAO Proposal A21](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1gyjl26rnqqyk6cuh6nqtvx8t885jgqagusvpqpvtgaygcjg2wjdqz0rzle/proposals/A21)
    - ü§ù **Github & ~~Asset Ownership~~** ü§ù @kopeboy + @rayraspberry
       - @rayraspberry contacted @blockcreators on telegram to have a conversation about the ownership of the Github
       - Asset Management temporary file: [hackMD](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
    - ü§ù **Critical Infrastructure** ü§ù @Dat-Andre
      - One response for dApp
      - No response for the other 3 RFPs
      - @dat-andre to resubmit the 3 RFPs that received no responses
      - @poroburu bring more engagement to Validators
    - ü§ù **Budget & Treasury** ü§ù @rayraspberry
      - Council Meeting on Budget tomorrow, April 24th, 2024
      - Budget Discussion:
        - #budget-planning
        - Discussion about Highlander 309 in the Comms budget
    - ü§ù **Department Policies** ü§ù [closed]
      - put up templates for the department in Github
      - @rayraspberry to create the templates for outstanding policies
      - close this working group
    - ü§ù **Conflict of Interest Policy** ü§ù @kopeboy
      - @kopeboy will put Policy on Council Github
      - next week bring up at the Council Meeting
      - Cristiano suggested @kopeboy work with Macks from operations
    - ü§ù **Development Relations** ü§ù @poroburu
      - No Update
    - ü§ù **Asset Management** ü§ù @poroburu
      - **RESOURCE**: Temporary File: [hackMD](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
      - No Update
      - Andre Offered to Help
    - ü§ù **Internal Tooling** ü§ù
      - RFP and Task Management
      - @rayraspberry : should be integrated into existing UX for JunoNetwork.io
      - @poroburu - A simple portal for users - dashboard for Council metrics
      - RFP integration into Website

1. Review responses to Dev Department Contact Form
 - No new messages

1. Darkside Podcast Response
  - Email sent yesterday to Scott

1. Juno.tools
  - @rayraspberry Juno Tools RFP
  - @Dat-Andre work on Asset Management
  - @rayraspberry - Multiple Juno domains and web services shouldn't be running their own hosting services for each

1. New Metric Public Presentation
  - 

1. Juno.Tools
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Create RFP to Maintain Juno.Tools

1. Juno Havling Website
  - @kopeboy has the source code for this
  - @Dat-Andre insert the calculation for the halving in the Documentation Repo

1. New Metric Meeting Review
  - @Dat-Andre would be good to understand the project and make other people aware of the project existance

1. Support RFP
  - Private Meeting to Commense after this meeting
  - Public Meeting Posted

1. Contact Approved Submissions for Blockchain Engineer RFP
  - @rayraspberry to put up template for review on Council Github
  - @kopeboy will send out messages to individual parties
  
1. Github Dev Department Structure Organization
   - Will resolve in the Github Issue
    - Public/Stage to Public
    - Remove OTHER Categories

1. Council Meeting Budget Meeting - April 24th, 2024 2:00 PM UTC
 - @rayraspberry previously discussed in this meeting
 - Council Meeting Planning for tomorrow

1. Council Meeting Planning for Thursday May 2nd, 2024 [name=Ray Raspberry]

