# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - June 11th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

- **Location:** #meetings <https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085>
- **Date:** June 11th, 2024 16:00 UTC
- **Recording:** <https://craig.horse/rec/4Mb25m1L8eIz?key=1cOVY2> (available for download during 1 week)
- **Agenda**

1. Open Meeting
1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
1. Agenda Amendments
1. Old Business
1. New Business
1. Close Meeting (stop recording)

- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - June 4th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240604-Public-Minutes.md)
  - [Next Meeting - June 18th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240618-Internal-Agenda.md)

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports

1. :handshake: **Github** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @rayraspberry

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Github Policy Draft Proposal](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/rknAgqBCa)
     - [Github Dev Dept Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215009386586570752)
   - **DELIVERABLE**
   - [ ] Ray & Dimi meeting to discuss Security Policy
   - [ ] present `POLICY`
     - [ ] defines qualifications for roles of:
       - [ ] `owner`
       - [ ] `member`
   - [ ] Define New Owners and Members

1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @Dat-Andre

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Help Requests Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lekMTl9yU3wcAzEl8_1VDOOd8NubQpeP8rplh-AOcIo/edit?pli=1#gid=0)
     - [Discord Working Group Conversation](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671)
     - [RFPs](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/tree/main/departments/development/rfp)
     - [Delegation Power Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671/1218248387472916701)
   - **SCOPE**

   - **DELIVERABLE**
   - ~~[x] Blockchain Maintenance Presentation~~
     - [x] Candidate 1
       - [x] Proposal Update
       - [x] Evaluate Updated Proposal: refuted.
   - ~~[x] dApp Support Presentation~~
     - [x] Candidate 1
       - [x] Proposal Update
       - [x] Evaluate proposal
       - [x] Agreement defined and work started
   - [x] Chain Upgrade
      - 1 submission was qualified and the proposer contacted; we are waiting for the candidate to schedule a presentation of his proposal to the community;
   - [x] Validator Support
      - 2 submissions were qualified and the proposers contacted; we are waiting for the candidate to schedule a presentation of his proposal to the community;

1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: @rayraspberry @kopeboy

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1v-Vx-7zDri1zLdCgEKyF3P85YylLRJKEykcUrRcDTzM/edit#gid=205656529)
   - **SCOPE**
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Q3 Budget Review:
        - @kopeboy noted that delegates compensations are not what we proposed in the Charter amendments, but everyone agrees not to update them before the amendments are accepted.
        - @kopeboy noted that the funding request should be adjusted by subtracting the current treasury.
     - [ ] Mercury DEX Payment

1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

- **RESOURCES**
  - [Draft Policy](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/pull/17)
  - [Operations Dept Policy](https://www.notion.so/junonetwork/Conflict-of-Interest-Disclosures-f4218120c5df496485b85b9bfc0e6dd1)
- **SCOPE** Coordinate a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` between departments and community to standardize a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
- **DELIVERABLE**
- [x] Update from Council @rayraspberry
- [x] Feedback from Other Departments
- [x] Publish Policy to Github
- [ ] Propose to Approve Policy at Council: @kopeboy had some problems with publishing the policy on DAODAO's Press and its URL as a storage item, because of the indirect membership; he will publish the policy to IPFS through the Dev Dept and later link it, together with the COI Reporting form URL in a text proposal on the Council.

1. :handshake: **Asset Management** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]

- **RESOURCE**
  - [Discord Topic](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1218394733705953411)
  - [HackMD Document](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
  - [VaultWarden Server](https://github.com/akash-network/awesome-akash/pull/326)
- **SCOPE**
  - Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
  - Identify Juno Assets and Owners / Administrators
- **ACTION**
  - [ ] Manage Juno Asset discovery and inventory
    - @Dat-Andre: we still miss info about Discord & Telegram channels, so we should ping Highlander & Max about this. After we will have collected the information, we should define a proper management, to avoid losing access to our most critical off-chain resources.
  - [ ] Provide Updates on Working Group to Dev department

1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

   - **SCOPE**
     - Determine Requirements and explore potential tooling options
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Propose to Dev Dept to be reimbursed for juno.zone and its mailboxes

1. **Documentation**

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Document Status Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14k69gPJoIi0K9sFxO15uaiMeR_K5JnDB31JbHoIalZ8/edit)
     - [Discord Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1224337590774267934)
   - Define maintainers of the [Docs repo](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/docs) (should we add Dev Dept members?)
   - @Dat-andre: we had a work meeting with the new dApp Support Role, that started working yesterday, and shared with them (Hasan & Orkun) that this topic is one of the most pressing, so they should be working on this whenever they are not directly supporting dApp developers in the channels defined in the agreement.

---

### Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]

   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)

   @kopeboy: we received 1 contact request on the form and 2 on emails forwarded by the Communications Department, from blockchain developers look for job opportunities.
   @ray: since we don't have open positions for them, let's just ignore ftm.

1. Community Education - Chain Maintenance

   - no update cause @ray wasn't able to schedule a meeting with @Dimi in the last 3-4 days since he was traveling.

---

## New Business

1. ~~Private Meeting for RFP-003 dApp Support~~

   - @andre: as already said before, we started the collaboration with Orkun & Hasan covering the dApp support role.

2. Mercury DEX

   - [x] Deliverables Document: refined by @kopeboy
   - [x] Agreement DAO setup
   - [ ] Agreement Terms (written contract): draft by @kopeboy, to be proposed on the DAO together with first payment to start the project
   - [ ] First Payment: @kopeboy: create Osmosis ICA on the new agreement DAO and then move the USDC for the first payment tranche there, as suggested by Cristiano; vote NO on Dev Dept props 31 & 32 since that alternative is more risky.

3. Council Meeting Preparation

   - @andre: I won't run again for the position in the Dev Dept. I would like to add these points to the next council meeting: #TODO.
   - @kopeboy: no well-formed agenda items to add from me at this time.
   - @ray: I won't run again either. I will try to write a review of my time here at Juno Council. The most difficult part I think is to align the incentives. The amount of work that Juno requires is substantial and it needs engaged people and probably more compensation, but it's hard to do that without revenues.
