# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - April 9th, 2024

1. Review & Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
   - [x] April 2nd, 2009
1. :handshake: **Vesting** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - Waiting on vesting tokens unbonding time on April 19th, 2024
1. :handshake: **Github & Asset ownership** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - No new updates on policy or contacting blockcreators
   - Discussed Security generally at Council meeting and a working group creation
   - Github access for Dev Department now
1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: [name=AndreGo]
   - Comms has helped get the article out and a tweet thread
   - [Tweet Thread](https://twitter.com/JunoNetwork/status/1777370996699279538)
   - Kopeboy - should push more to communicate deadlines more
   - Kopeboy - gained access to LinkedIn and posted a job there and thinks we should post RFPs there
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Discussion with Comms and Dev async about how to expand the distribution of RFPs
       - [ ] Develop or Request from Comms a Standard Distribution
       - [ ] [Thread to Discuss](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215364535838449695)
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [x] Blockchain Engineer RFP Responses / Status
     - [x] Budget Q2 Meeting (tenatively Friday)
       - [x] RFP - Blockchain Engineer
       - [x] RFP - Validator Set Support
       - [x] RFP - Chain Upgrade
       - [x] RFP - dApp Development Support
       - [x] RFP - Relayers Activities Support
     - [x] Propose kopeboy for Strategic Reserve working group 15th 2024
     - [x] Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget
     - [ ] Receive submissions
     - [ ] Review submissions
1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - Council Budget discussion
   - Administrator RFP and budget moved to Operations to create an RFP
1. :handshake: **Department Policies** _(low priority)_ :handshake: [name=Poroburu] & [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - Planning to do the Privacy Policy as the RFP process proceeds for Blockchain Engineer
   - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies & procedures to Dev Department for review
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Chair
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Secretary
     - [ ] Disassociation Policy
     - [ ] Private Meeting Disclosure & Resolution
1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft Policy Link](https://hackmd.io/u2O6dkn2RfaOVR27bZADFA?view)
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Evaluate feedback and provide a final draft for Dev Department
     - [ ] Migrate CoI Conversations to Council `Policy Standardization` Working Group
   - **UPDATES** [name=kopeboy]
     - Refined some points and working through structuring language on conclusion
     - Discussed Airdrop and Gift Conflict of Interest and Policy
       - all in some agreement that Departments should not accept and transfer to community gifts and airdrops received

1. :handshake: **Developer Relations ~~Juno Project and Developer Outreach~~** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]
   - **ACTION**
     - [x] Poroburu joins Juno Council Asset Management working group
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

   - **UPDATES**

     - Working on integrating tooling with the Juno Chain
     - Found tool to define data model with nice UI with automated workflows: https://Directus.pizza

   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Schedule a meeting on Friday
     - [ ] Continue the discussion in the thread
     - [ ] A place to assign tasks, priorities
     - [ ] Get Dev Department as Members of Juno Github or create Organzation [name=kopeboy]
     - [ ] Transfer ownership of juno.zone to Juno through decentralized ownership

1. RFP Submissions
   - Process to Proceed:
     - [ ] Draft Policy
     - [ ] Meeting on Thursday, April 11th, 2024 16:00 UTC
1. Darkside Podcast Interview Request
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Draft a reply declining [name=kopeboy]
     - [ ] Submit to Dept to approve

- Council Meeting Reviews
  - Admin RFP
    - Moved to Operations to propose and complete
  - Proposed Budget Review
    - Comms Department working on RFPs
  - New Metric
    - **ACTION** will schedule meeting
  - Abstract
    - Working group created
  - Juno.Tools
    - After Budget approval, the dev department will take over management and maintenance of Juno.Tools
  - Working Group Assignments
    - Strategic Reserve WG
      - Kopeboy
      - Cristiano
    - Security
      - Dimi
      - Ray
    - Asset Management
      - Poroburu
- Documentation [name=AndreGo]
  - need someone to have a helicopter view of all documentation
  - Could potentially use the administrator position
  - potentially could need to use a technical documentation professional
- Juno.tools
  - Check with Denis and confirm everything on Juno.tools is working
- Endorsement of Community DEX Proposal from Operations
  - taking community feedback on Commonwealth
- Liquidity SubDAO
  - Testing Council VETO
  - Waiting for update or status from Operations Department
- #cross-department requests from Operations
  - AndreGo will send a message to Jake
- Jake assigned to work on the PR review
  - https://github.com/CosmosContracts/juno/pull/993
  - Bounty and Retroactive Rewards implementation into DAODA
