# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - March 12th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
- **Date:** March 12th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call `1min`
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
1. Agenda Amendments `5min`
1. Old Business `25min`
   - Working Group updates
1. New Business `25min`

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Secretary:**
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - March 5th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/vIGbdRv9S4WzliF4SXgveA?view)
  - [Next Meeting - March 19th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/9fuHimlDRmKWcul8WcO6tg?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1. :handshake: `Vesting` [name=kopeboy] _ **SCOPE** Evaluate Ops position on Genesis Vesting Evaluate Subsequent vesting _ **UPDATE** Council Meeting update [name=Ray Raspberry] Call meeting with Comms [name=Ray Raspberry] _ Comms take over coordinating with Max and Max's compensation _ Cancel Max Vesting in Dev Department (after Comms hand-off) \* **DELIVERABLE** make a determination on each vesting position present the preliminary results to Dev Dept for review
1. :handshake:`Github & Asset ownership` [name=kopeboy] _ **SCOPE** discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Meow / Jake], [name=Ray Raspberry] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned _ **UPDATE** \* **DELIVERABLE** present new owners, members for department proposal present a `POLICY` that defines qualifications for roles of `owner` or `member`

1. :handshake: `Critical Infrastructure` [name=AndreGo] _ **SCOPE** Determine and define already needed Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles _ **UPDATE** _ Roles Document _ #dev-lounge management _ Dev Dept Contact Form Management _ Validator Set Feedback _ Other Feedback _ SLA agreements based on historical data _ Coordinate with Operations _ **DELIVERABLE** Refine Document, Report Feedback to Dev Department https://hackmd.io/YE12Sxw9QAqVQAQqnfOr3A

1. :handshake: `Budget` [name=Ray Raspberry] https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1212108621354373181 _ **SCOPE** Review and Amend Q1 Budget _ Use Cristiano's Budget as a Baseline [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#) _ Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel _ Develop Q2 Budget _ **UPDATE** Chain Maintenance RFP Service Level Agreement (SLA) _ **DELIVERABLE** _ Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget _ Scope RFP for chain maintenance and security

1. :handshake: `Department Policies` _(low priority)_ [name=Ray Raspberry] _ **SCOPE** Define Dev Department policies for: _ Quorum for Voting _ Meetings -- Chair and secretary _ Disassociation Policy _ **UPDATE** _ **OUT OF SCOPE** _ Conflict of Interest Policies _ **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies to Dev Department for review

1. :handshake: `Conflict of Interest Policy` [name=kopeboy] _ **SCOPE** Coordinate between departments and community to develop a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` to create a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure _ **UPDATE** Refine what scope of disclosure conflict of interest \* **DELIVERABLE** A policy draft presented to the Dev Department for review [Draft 1](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/HJrXscQ6p/edit)
1. :handshake: `Juno Project and Developer Outreach` [name=Poroburu]
   - **ACTION**
     - Contact Projects & Developers for Feedback on Juno
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - Return Feedback to dev department

---

### General Old Business

1. DAODAO Training with Jake
1. Discord
   - `Working Group` forum [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - [discussed here](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1214845273508020285)
1. Current Internal Tooling & Requirements [name=kopeboy]
1. 1337 Society Engagement
   - Comms dept Collaboration
1. Grants for Juno
   - DoraHacks
1. Hackathon for Juno [name=Highlander]
1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - [[**URL**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)

## New Business

1. Kopeboy Discord account status
1. Council Meeting Update [name=Ray Raspberry] _ [Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933) _ Current Council Proposals Update _ Disable Quorum _ [Council Prop #8](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A8) _ Genesis Vesting _ Security Group / Chain Security \* Juno Infrastructure incentives / delegation program
1. Web3 Dubai Conference / Coinstore Sponsorship Request
   - https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1216670357780697088
1. Alter Voting Duration for Dev Department
1. Legal wrappers for your digital assets (https://www.wrappr.wtf/)
