# Juno Dev Dept Meeting (Public) Agenda - March 26th, 2024

###### tags: `Public` Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** #stage-meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1195704025664978966
- **Date:** March 26th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call `1min`
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
1. Agenda Amendments `5min`
1. Budget Discussion & Planning
1. End Meeting (Agenda/Minutes Read Only)

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [ ] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - March 19th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/9fuHimlDRmKWcul8WcO6tg?view)
  - [Next Meeting - April 2nd, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/F9BEFF6YRquQxtJEROZXhA?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Budget

1. RFP#2
2. Delegate Compensation
3. RFP - Department Administrator

## Other Business

1.[ vnoame=Kopeboy]

1. Promotion of RFPs / Communications
2. Next Technical Space
