# Development Department Meeting Minutes - February 27th, 2024

1. Roll Call
2. Amend Agenda
   - Add New Business item () to agenda
3. Approve previous meeting minutes 5. **APPROVED** by [name=Poroburu]
4. Joel 7. 5000 JUNO proposal (dev dept Prop 3) 8. continuation of existing payments
   - [ ] **ACTION** [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - [ ] Work with Papayo from Comms to contact Joel and ask Joel to provide what he believes the scope and responsibilities of his role at Juno are for the compensation. Requesting that the is provided as soon as possible and then report back to Dev Department.
5. Existing contributor work agreements [name=Jake] says there are no existing working agreements
6. Vesting Contracts
   - Create a `Vesting Discussion Working Group`
   - [name=kopeboy] will organize and chair the Working Group
     - **SCOPE**
       - Evaluate Ops position on Genesis Vesting
         - Determine Dev Department position to be presented back to Dev Dept in meeting
       - Evaluate Subsequent vesting
         - make determinations on each to be presented back to dev dept.
   - [name=Jake] advises to cancel Noel and Reece vesting agreements + move [name=Max] to Comms
7. Community DEX

   - No update at this time
   - Andre expressed that Dev department should be involved at some point in the RFP process

8. Ownership of Github and Repos

   - potentially non-contributing owners: Jack Z, The Frey, Blockcreators, and others
   - [name=kopeboy] says dev department members should be at least be made members
   - [name=kopeboy] will Chair a Working Group that will discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Jake] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned
   - [name=Ray Raspberry] will participate and work as needed in the workgroup
   - Actionable: propose new owner and member list for github

9. Solutions for tasks previously handled by Reece (#6) and Roles (#7)

   - Andre proposed to define some kind of roles to answer the needs that Reece filled.
   - Jake thinks we should define the roles and find people to fill those roles.
   - Jake thinks this is the most important thing we can do
   - [name=Andre] will Chair a `Critical Infrastructure Working Group`
     - **Scope**
       - Determine and define already needed Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles
       - Present structure back to the department
     - **Members**
       - Andre (organizer)
       -
       - Jake (available)

10. Standard Communication 2. Comms has a form 3. [name=Ray Raspberry] will create a contact form for Dev Department _ dev member editable _ public readable \* instruct Comms to use contact form to have people to reach dev
11. Standard Internal Meeting 3. Every Tuesday 5PM UTC

12. Dev Department Representive

    - Discussion and agreement to propose
      - Rep: Ray Raspberry
      - Alt1: Poroburu
      - Alt2: kopeboy

13. Quorum Discussion

    1. quorum for Department votes/decisions
       - disable quorum
    2. quorum for valid Department meetings (might not be different from above)
       - 3 of 5 members
    3. dissociation criteria (iirc on Ops this was nonparticipation/absenteeism)
    4. conflicts of interest disclosures [ ] **ACTION** [name=Ray Raspberry]
       - Ray will draft proposals for policy on Quorum and Dissociation
       - and present the draft proposals at the next Dev Department meeting
    5. discussion on Conflict of Interest 8. [name=kopeboy] will take ownership 9. **SCOPE**
       - coordinating with other departments and members of the community
       - to create a minimum threshold for conflict of interest disclosure
       10. low priority or medium

14. DAODAO Training 2. Jake providing some training 3. playing around

15. Budget Discussion

    - https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1212108621354373181
    - [name=Ray Raspberry] will take lead
    - **SCOPE**
      - Determine Q1 Budget
      - Work on Plan to Q2 Budget

16. Working Group publishing and discussion
    - Discussed that Working Groups should be public and information published
    * [ ] **ACTION** [name=Ray Raspberry]
      - Ray will post in #cross-dept inquiring feedback on creating a `Working Group` forum
      - Work with Max to create group if dept members are OK
      - Also determine why dev department members can't create threads
17. Additional Agenda items moved to next meeting
