# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - March 5th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** [Twitter Space (recorded)](https://twitter.com/RayRaspberry1/status/1765064865129857184)
- **Date:** March 5th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Roll Call `1min`
2. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
3. Agenda Amendments `5min`
4. Old Business `25min`
   - Working Group updates
5. New Business `25min`

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - February 27th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/sJ1clDxLTGehL0CFDYxeQg?view)
  - [Next Meeting - March 12th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/fSPP69WqQaC2H3_HHWi_zQ?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1.  :handshake: `Joel Role and Responsibility` [name=Ray Raspberry]
    - **SCOPE** Determine:
      - Joel's Responsibilities
      - Joel's Interest + Availability
    - **DELIVERABLE** Report of what Joel believes his role is including scope and responsibilities
2.  :handshake: `Vesting` [name=kopeboy]
    - **SCOPE** Evaluate Ops position on Genesis Vesting Evaluate Subsequent vesting
    - **DELIVERABLE** make a determination on each vesting position present the preliminary results to Dev Dept for review
3.  :handshake:`Github & Asset ownership` [name=kopeboy]

    - **SCOPE** discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Meow / Jake], [name=Ray Raspberry] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned
    - **DELIVERABLE** present new owners, members for department proposal present a `POLICY` that defines qualifications for roles of `owner` or `member`

4.  :handshake: `Critical Infrastructure` [name=AndreGo]

    - **SCOPE** Determine and define already needed Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles
    - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed structure to Dev Department for review https://hackmd.io/YE12Sxw9QAqVQAQqnfOr3A

5.  :handshake: `Department Policies` [name=Ray Raspberry]

    - **SCOPE** Define Dev Department policies for:
      - Quorum for Voting + Meetings
      - Disassociation Policy
    - **OUT OF SCOPE**
      - Conflict of Interest Policies
    - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies to Dev Department for review

6.  :handshake: `Conflict of Interest Policy` _(low priority)_ [name=kopeboy]

    - **SCOPE** Coordinate between departments and community to develop a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` to create a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
    - **DELIVERABLE** A policy draft presented to the Dev Department for review [Draft 1](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/HJrXscQ6p/edit)

7.  :handshake: `Budget` [name=Ray Raspberry] https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1212108621354373181 _ **SCOPE** Review and Amend Q1 Budget _ Use Cristiano's Budget as a Baseline [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#) _ Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel _ Develop Q2 Budget

        * **DELIVERABLE**
            Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget

---

### General Old Business

1. Standard Communication Form [name=Ray Raspberry]

   - https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9
   - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893
   - Dev Form open messages, responses/coordination in responses
   - [name=kopeboy + Ray Raspberry] will handle form
   - Long-term [name=AndreGo] will add to a Role

1. DAODAO Training with Jake
1. Discord
   - `Working Group` forum
   - Department channel threads
1. Juno Project and Developer Outreach program [name=Ray Raspberry]

## New Business

1. Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification
   - [name=cristiano634] https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933
2. Current internal Tooling & Requirements [name=kopeboy]
3. 1337 Society Engagement
   - Comms dept Collaboration
4. Prioritize Topics to present/discuss before Council
5. Grants for Juno
   - DoraHacks
6. Hackathon for Juno
   - [name=Highlander]
7. Current Council Proposals
   - Disable Quorum
   - Approval of Juno Treasury Diversification Strategy
8. Juno Infrastructure incentives / delegation program
9. Security Group / Chain Security [name=Ray Raspberry]
10. #dev-lounge management
