# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - May 14th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

- **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
- **Date:** May 14th, 2024 16:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Open Meeting
1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
1. Agenda Amendments
1. Old Business
1. New Business
1. Close Meeting (stop recording)

- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - MAy 7th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240507-Internal-Minutes.md)
  - [Next Meeting - May 14th, 2024 16:00 UTC]()

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1. :handshake: **Vesting** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @kopeboy

- WyndDAO Update

1. :handshake: **Github** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @kopeboy

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Github Policy Draft Proposal](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/rknAgqBCa)
     - [Github Dev Dept Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215009386586570752)
   - **DELIVERABLE**
   - [ ] Blockcreators Update
   - [ ] present new owners, members for department proposal
   - [ ] present `POLICY`
     - [ ] defines qualifications for roles of:
       - [ ] `owner`
       - [ ] `member`
   - [ ] :bust_in_silhouette: kopeboy + :bust_in_silhouette: Ray Raspberry refine policy

1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @Dat-Andre

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Help Requests Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lekMTl9yU3wcAzEl8_1VDOOd8NubQpeP8rplh-AOcIo/edit?pli=1#gid=0)
     - [Discord Working Group Conversation](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671)
     - [RFPs](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/tree/main/departments/development/rfp)
     - [Delegation Power Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671/1218248387472916701)
   - **SCOPE**

   1. Define Critical Roles
   1. Draft Requests for Proposals to fill Critical Roles
   1. Evaluate and Select qualified proposals

   - **DELIVERABLE**
   - [x] Blockchain Maintenance Presentation
     - [x] Candidate 1
       - [ ] Proposal Update
       - [ ] Evaluate proposal
   - [x] dApp Support Presentation
     - [x] Candidate 1
       - [ ] Proposal Update
       - [ ] Evaluate proposal

1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: @rayraspberry @kopeboy

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
     - [Q2 Budget Dev Dep WIP](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1k8MpvUl3-rp6tIx5CGt2d3amNUGchMEqQv4WCDEjqaE/)
   - **SCOPE** Draft and Approve Q2 Budget
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Budget Q2 Proposal on Council
     - [ ] Propose to Approve Q2 Budget on Council Proposal
     - [ ] Juno.Tools terms and scope

1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

- **RESOURCES**
  - [Draft Policy](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/pull/17)
  - [Operations Dept Policy](https://www.notion.so/junonetwork/Conflict-of-Interest-Disclosures-f4218120c5df496485b85b9bfc0e6dd1)
- **SCOPE** Coordinate a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` between departments and community to standardize a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
- **DELIVERABLE**
- [ ] Update from Council @rayraspberry
  - Feedback from Other Departments
- [ ] Publish Policy to Github
- [ ] Propose to Approve Policy at Council @rayraspberry

1. :handshake: **Asset Management** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]

- **RESOURCE**:
- **SCOPE**
  - Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
- **ACTION**
  - [ ] Manage Juno Asset discovery and inventory
  - [ ] Provide Updates on Working Group to Dev department

1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE**
     - Determine Requirements and explore potential tooling options
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Transfer ownership of juno.zone to Juno through decentralized ownership
1. **Documentation**
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Document Status Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14k69gPJoIi0K9sFxO15uaiMeR_K5JnDB31JbHoIalZ8/edit)
     - [Discord Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1224337590774267934)
   - Define maintainers of the [Docs repo](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/docs) (should we add Dev Dept members?)

---

### General Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)

---

## New Business

1. Community Education - Chain Maintenance

## TABLED ITEMS (pushed to a future meeting)

1. Hackathon for Juno

   - Potentially October [name=Highlander]

1. Grants for Juno

   - DoraHacks

1. Discussions with Jake
   1. DAODAO Training with Jake [name=kopeboy]
   1. 1337 Society Engagement [name=kopeboy]
      - Comms coordination
