# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - April 16th, 2024

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] Meow / Jake
  - [x] @poroburu
  - [x] AndreGo
  - [x] @kopeboy
  - [x] @rayraspberry

- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** @Dat-Andre
- **Secretary:** @rayraspberry

- **Recording:** [Craig Audio Recording](https://craig.horse/rec/MaURUK6sOQvi?key=cLxaT2)

1. Approve Previous Minutes
    - [x] [April 9th, 2024](./20240409-Meeting-Internal-Minutes.md)

2. Working Group Updates
    - ü§ù **Vesting** ü§ù
        - Unstaking on April 19th
        - Send back funds that exceed Q2 Budget
    - ü§ù **Github & Asset Ownership** ü§ù
        - No Updates
        - Created a Policy for Meeting Minutes
    - ü§ù **Critical Infrastructure** ü§ù
        - RFPs are published
        - No emails received
        - Discussion on the RFPs
          - Investigating whether the RFP lack of response is a reach issue with Communications
        - [ ] Take up Comm Engagement with Council Meeting
    - ü§ù **Budget & Treasury** ü§ù
        - Proposal to pass Q2 Budget at next Council Meeting
          - Should include transfer of balance from Council to Department
          - Dev Dept needs to send back funds that exceed Q2 Budget
    - ü§ù **Department Policies** ü§ù
      - Created github structure for policies and procedures
      - People can use github to submit policy and procedures as a branch to review
      - Codespaces & HackMD can be used as a frontend to submit policies
    - ü§ù **Conflict of Interest Policy** ü§ù
      - Discussion on the policy point 1.3
        - discussion over MCap v % of Total Supply or Trading Volume
      - Minor changes to the policy
      - Macks brought up COI Policy at Operations Meeting
        - Will Discuss at next Operations Meeting
    - ü§ù **Development Relations** ü§ù
      - No updates
    - ü§ù **Internal Tooling** ü§ù
      - @kopeboy gave a presentation on Monday about the tooling and what he has been working on
      - Andre:
        - PRO:  It's useful and the work is good
        - CON:  The cost to maintain it
      - @kopeboy:
        - Still experimenting with the tooling
        - No specific updates now
        - Created:
          - data structure & content types for meetings, working groups with issues and tasks
          - Event Types
          - Department member roles
          - Automatic workflows
        - Meeting scheduled for Demo at 16UTC on April 22nd 2024

1. Review responses to Dev Department Contact Form
  - no new responses

1. Darkside Podcast Response
  - Lorenzo is still working on a response

1. New Metric Public Presentation
  - Meeting Scheduling for Thursday 18th April 2024 at 17UTC

1. Documentation
  - getting ownership of the documentation
  - discussion about how to move forward
  - bring to council to raise awareness of work required on documentation

1. Juno.tools
  - waiting on Q2 Budget approval

1. #cross-department
  1. Interchain-Test update request

1. Council Meeting Agenda
  1. Budget Submission Propsal for Q2
  1. Progress reports on Working Groups: 
    1. Abstract SDK
    1. Policy
    1. Asset Management
    1. Security
    1. Treasury / Reserve
1. Abstract Money Market dApp would need to be developed
  1. Discussion on the dApp and that it needs to be created
  1. Money Market dApp and waiting for feedback from Abstract
  1. Private TG Group
  1. @kopeboy: would like to define a strategy
  1. Poroburu: networks like Juno require a vision and a strategy
    1. challenge all delegates to create a vision station
    1. Poroburu Vision: Juno acting as a middleware (IBC) for all chains + creating rails for DAOs
  1. Restake DAO 
    1. Unsolicited Token Gifts should not be utilized
    1. Setting the Standard Going Forward
1. RFP02 - Blockchain Maintenance Engineer
  1. qualified 2 candidates
  1. Communication Draft
    1. sent from dev.dept email
1. Create `templates` folder in Department for Correspondence
  1. @kopeboy to create the folder
1. Create and Store Correspondence for RFP02 in the RFP folder
  1. @rayraspberry to create the folder
