# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - March 5th, 2024

1. Joel case is closed. Ray suggests starting a new working group for defining an RFP for maintenance of Juno and finding some party that can guarantee some SLA.

2. `Vesting Working Group` [name=Kopeboy]

   - talked with other departments
   - under develop department 3 vestings, 2 already closed (Noah, Reece)
   - 1 vesting remains open: Max
   - Decisions:
     - Genesis
       - Not pushing for a proposal
       - Will not take a position at this time
   - **ACTION**
     - Call meeting with Comms [name=Ray Raspberry]
       - Cancel Max Vesting in Dev Department
       - Comms take over coordinating with Max and Max's compensation
       -

3. Kopeboy banned for Discord

   - Working with Discord Technical Support

4. `Github & Asset Ownership`

   - No update this week due to other priorities / security update.

5. `Critical Infrastructure` [name=AndreGo]

   - Created a thread in the #dev-department
   - Information + Proposal: https://hackmd.io/YE12Sxw9QAqVQAQqnfOr3A
   - Assign all the roles we need, except SDK development to be defined by another process
     - Compensation
     - Potential Candidates
   - Shared with Jake, Dimi, Basement, Polkachu, Racoon, Yieldmos
     - Feedback was requested for design of the roles, scope for validators
     - Response is positive
   - **ACTION**
     - Share with Validator Set
       - Get feedback, design SLA agreements based on historical data
     - Coordinate with Operations
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - Process ready for the next quarter (Q2) to start

6. :handshake: `Department Policies` [name=Ray Raspberry]

   - No update
   - push to the next meeting

7. `Conflict of Interest Policy`

   - Draft created: https://hackmd.io/-2pZb5vcTPGQtiC9zi02xA
   - **ACTIONS**
     - Members read draft and provide feedback to [name=Kopeboy]

8. DAODAO Training with Jake

   - No update, jake Busy with ETHDenver

9. Discord - Working Group / Threads

   - Using Forum instead of threads for more flexible permissions
   - **ACTION** [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Bring up Forum creation to #cross-department

10. :handshake: `Juno Project and Developer Outreach` Working Group [name=Poroburu]

    - **ACTION**
      - Contact Projects & Developers for Feedback on Juno
    - **DELIVERABLE**
      - Return Feedback to dev department

11. Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification

    - https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933
    - kopeboy:
      - when there are expenses in USD, put in budget, and provision USDC (selling Juno) to cover known expenses.
      - Should not just sell JUNO for undefined expenses in the future
      - Would like to see quotes in USDC and JUNO
    - AndreGo:
      - Reason for Charter to be live is to be pro-active and having a small USDC reserve in treasury to cover expenses
      - Juno contributors will / should receive JUNO
      - It makes sense to have a small buffer
      - If you have a service provider they are expecting to be compensated
    - Issuing RFPs we will see if bids will ask for JUNO or ask for USDC
    - **ACTION**
      - [name=Ray Raspberry]
        - Council Prop #8
          - https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A8
          - Call a Council meeting
          - Come to an agreement on Prop #8

12. Proposals [name=Ray Raspberry]

    1. Create Dev Dept prop to vote on Council Prop #7 https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A7
    1. Create Dev Dept prop to remove Department quorum

13. Council Meeting discussion
    - Potential Topics
      1. Genesis Vesting
      2. Council Funds / Treasury Diversification
      3. [Council Prop #8](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A8)

**Unaddressed items moved to next meeting, March 12th**
