# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - June 4th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

- **Location:** [#stage-meetings](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1195704025664978966)
- **Date:** June 4th, 2024 16:00 UTC
- **Recording**:
   - available for download in various formats & separate tracks for the first 7 days at https://craig.horse/rec/5aeUYX91yJ90?key=FNeTXr
   - later to be uploaded on [Juno Communications Podcast (Spotify)](https://open.spotify.com/show/08gPyEBs5c9ySgdsldjVHF?si=78765f126ee04d41) by Comms Dept.

- **Agenda**
1. Open Meeting

2. Start Recording `/join`

3. Roll Call
   
   1. @kopeboy
   
   2. @rayraspberry
   
   3. @Dat-Andre

4. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes: âœ… (Github)

5. Agenda Amendments: no amendments

6. Q3 Budget Discussion

7. Open Stage for Community Questions

8. Close Meeting (Agenda/Minutes Read Only)
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - April 23th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240521-Internal-Minutes.md)
  - [Next Meeting - June 11th, 2024 16:00 UTC]()

## Itemized Agenda

### Q3 Budget

- **RESOURCES** - [Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#) 

## Minutes

### Q3 Budget

- Department members' compensation: remove Poroburu since he just resigned.
- dApp Support RFP provision was raised to 6k$ for the quarter, reflecting the maximum ask of the updated & agreed proposal.
- Blockchain Maintenance RFP:
  - @Dat-Andre: we can probably remove the item since we refuted the proposal and we are planning to do maintenance with Dimi.
  - @ray: Dimi offered to provide maintenance in exchange for his core-1 vesting; we can allocate some additional funds (aprox. 5k$/month) to incentivize support to other contributors from the community and create a consistent maintenance schedule & process.
  - @all agree on replacing the line with "Blockchain Maintenance PR" or something along the lines of bounties or retroactive compensations, to be detailed with Dimi later when he's back from vacations (next Monday).
- Relayers Support RFP:
  - @Dat-Andre: we should remove the item from the budget, knowing that it was the least critical and we will have more time to manage it and have a better idea of the need after working with the proposers of the other 3 RFPs (Chain upgrade / dApp / Validators support roles).
- Community DEX RFP:
  - We should budget the precise payments for the quarter; assuming we start the project and pay the first tranche in June, we are budgeting the last 2 payment milestones for Q3 (total of 31500USDC).
- Payments to be made during this month and removed from Q3 Budget:
  - juno.tools reimbursements
  - email + domain reimbursement => @kopeboy #TODO: proposal for the reimbursement
- Other lines remain unchanged.

### Questions

- @Dat-Andre: When should we start the election process?
  Ops Dept should put out announcement for the elections asap, but we need a Council meeting (that didn't happen last week cause of missing Reps & Alternates from both the Operations and Communications departments) to schedule them officially.

- @kopeboy: I suggested we vote the new COI policy together with the charter amendments instead of separately to the Council, because there is some overlap.
  The COI policy can be voted by the Council first and then be put in the Charter through amendments so to leave least reason possible for the community to refute the amendments.

- @Dat-Andre: How long will the Charter last?
  Without a proposal to change it, it continues indefinitely.

- @Dat-Andre: It's been hard to bring on the Charter mission, by fighting people outside and inside the Council, and considering personal life and the rewards here, I'm not sure I will be able to continue.
