# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - June 25th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

- **Location:** #meetings [https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1195704025664978966)
- **Date:** June 25th, 2024 16:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Open Meeting
1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call `1min`
  - [x] Kopeboy
  - [x] DatAndre
  - [x] Ray Raspberry
  - [ ] Meow / Jake
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
1. Agenda Amendments `5min`
1. Open Stage for Community Comments + Questions `30m`
1. Old Business `45m`
1. New Business `45m`
1. Final Community Question / Comment period - `15m`
1. Close Meeting (Agenda/Minutes Read Only)

- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - June 11th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240611-Internal-Minutes.md)
  - [Next Meeting]()

# Itemized Agenda

1. Q3 Budget
- **RESOURCES** - [Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
  - Discussion and Statements on Asset Management and the current status

1. :handshake: **Github** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @rayraspberry
 - no new activity

1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @Dat-Andre
- Will Discuss in _New Business_ with the topics

1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: @rayraspberry @kopeboy
- [x] Paid Daniz [Proposal A37](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1gyjl26rnqqyk6cuh6nqtvx8t885jgqagusvpqpvtgaygcjg2wjdqz0rzle/proposals/A37)
- [ ] Compensate Delegates
- [ ] Compensate dApp Support

1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: @kopeboy
- Passed and currently it is in VETO Lock

1. ü§ù **Asset Management** ü§ù üßîAndre
- No Update

---

### Old Business

1. Communications Review
  * [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)
  * Dev Dept Email

### New Business

1. dApp Support Role (RFP-003)
  - Review [Work Log](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/blob/main/departments/development/rfp/003-dApp_Development_Support/work_reports/20240610-20240617-work_report.md)
    - Discussions on Payment of Juno Work
      - Proposal to be put into Dev Department to pay dApp Support
    - [x] Approve Work Report
  - First Pay Period Compensation Proposal Discussion
    - Proposal will Cover June 10th to June 30th
  
1. Q2 Compensation
  - **ACTION**
  - [ ] Submit Proposal to Department to Compensate Delegates for Q2

1. RFP-002 Chain Upgrade Support
- Decision not to move forward with a decision until the renewal of the Charter or Resolution of Proposal 350
- Email will be sent to submitters

1. RFP-005 Validator Set Support Role
- Decision not to move forward with a decision until the renewal of the Charter or Resolution of Proposal 350
- Email will be sent to submitters

1. dApp Support with Orkunkl
 - Informed Orkunkl about decision to compensation through the end of the month
 - Communicated with Hasan and Korkunkl 

1. Council Meeting Updates
- **RESOURCE**: [May 16th Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/tree/main/council/events/20240516-Meeting-Public-Minutes.md)
- No Council Meeting

1. Chain Halt on June 20th 2024
- Ray assisted with some coordination to get upgrades completed
- Chain was halted for approximately 2 hours and 30 minutes

1. Final Thoughts from Delegates
