# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda- March 19th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
- **Date:** March 19th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call `1min`
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
1. Agenda Amendments `5min`
1. Old Business `60min`
   - Working Group updates `40m`
1. New Business `30min`
1. End Meeting (Agenda/Minutes Read Only)

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=Poroburu]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - March 12th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/fSPP69WqQaC2H3_HHWi_zQ?view)
  - [Next Meeting - March 26th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/C_iSIp31RracUoX1EvgP8A?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1. :handshake: **Vesting** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE** JunoMax Vesting Handoff
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Dev Dept Proposal
       - [x] [Dev Dept Proposal #11](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1gyjl26rnqqyk6cuh6nqtvx8t885jgqagusvpqpvtgaygcjg2wjdqz0rzle/proposals/A11)
     - [x] Comms take over coordinating with Max and Max's compensation
     - [x] Cancel Max Vesting in Dev Department (after Comms hand-off)
1. :handshake: **Github & Asset ownership** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE** discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Meow / Jake], [name=Ray Raspberry] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] present new owners, members for department proposal
     - [ ] present `POLICY`
       - [ ] defines qualifications for roles of:
         - [ ] `owner`
         - [ ] `member`
1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: [name=AndreGo]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Technical Roles - Internal Doc](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/r1MCE97pa)
     - [Help Requests Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lekMTl9yU3wcAzEl8_1VDOOd8NubQpeP8rplh-AOcIo/edit?pli=1#gid=0)
     - [Discord Working Group Conversation](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671)
   - **SCOPE** Define Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Collaborate with Operations
       - [ ] Draft policy / processes
1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft RFP Blockchain Maintenance Engineer](https://hackmd.io/tVFeuZU6RKeze2QY9PYBPA)
     - [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
   - **SCOPE**
     - Use Cristiano's Budget as a Baseline:
       - Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel
     - Develop Q2 Budget
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Scope RFP for chain maintenance and security
     - [ ] Get Feedback on Chain Maintenance RFP
       - [ ] Submit RFP for Community proposals by March 15th 2024
     - [ ] Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget
1. :handshake: **Department Policies** _(low priority)_ :handshake: [name=Poroburu] & [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - **SCOPE** Define Dev Department policies to submit as department proposals
   - **OUT OF SCOPE**
     - Conflict of Interest Policies
   - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies to Dev Department for review
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Chair
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Secretary
     - [ ] Disassociation Policy
     - [ ] Voting Period duration
1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft Document](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/HJrXscQ6p/edit)
     - [Operations Dept Policy](https://www.notion.so/junonetwork/Conflict-of-Interest-Disclosures-f4218120c5df496485b85b9bfc0e6dd1)
   - **SCOPE** Coordinate a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` between departments and community to standardize a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] draft policy for Dev Department review
     - [x] Publish to a Topic in Working Group Forum
       - [x] Request feedback from all departments
     - [ ] Bring to Council for a vote
1. :handshake: **Juno Project and Developer Outreach** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]
   - **ACTION**
     - Contact Projects & Developers for Feedback on Juno
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - Return Feedback to Dev department
1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE**
     - Determine Requirements and explore potential tooling options
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Availability Finder (meetings)
     - [ ] Off-chain polls
     - [ ] Department Dashboard
     - [ ] Github Pages
     - [ ] Meetings Archive
       - Agendas, minutes, audio records
     - [ ] Version History on Documents
     - [ ] Calendar with Filters
     - [ ] Task System (Github Issues)
       - Bounty System
     - [ ] RFP Form and Process
       - Secret submission until deadline
       - Automatic Reveal
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Create working group to handle Tooling
     - [ ] Pick a tooling item and implement for testing

---

### General Old Business

1. Dev Department Voting Period Duration
1. Discussions with Jake
   1. DAODAO Training with Jake [name=kopeboy]
   1. 1337 Society Engagement [name=kopeboy]
      - Comms coordination
1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)
1. Legal wrappers for your digital assets [name=andreGo]
   - [**[LINK]** Discord Working Group] (https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217218151746375762)

## New Business

1. Council Meeting Preparation [name=Ray Raspberry] _ Potential Council Proposals _ _Working Group Updates_: _ [Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933) _ Security Group / Chain Security \* Asset Management
1. Strategy Discussion [name=Kopeboy]
1. Vesting Working Group (if Jake is here)

## TABLED ITEMS (pushed to a future meeting)

1. Hackathon for Juno
   - Potentially October [name=Highlander]
1. Grants for Juno
   - DoraHacks
