# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - March 19th, 2024

1. Roll Call
1. Last meeting minutes approved.
1. :handshake: Vesting Working Group
   - **DONE**
     - [x] Max Vesting prop executed and Vesting moved to Comms
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Reclaim Noah staked vesting tokens
     - [ ] Reclaim Reece staked vesting tokens
1. :handshake: **Github & Asset ownership** :handshake:
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Github Policy Draft Proposal](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/rknAgqBCa)
     - [Github Dev Dept Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215009386586570752)
   - [name=kopeboy]
     - Dev and Operations should co-own the reposoity, owners should have vesting in Juno.
     - Not suggesting every department member should be an owner
     - 2 owners from dev, 1 owner from operations
     -
   - [name=AndreGo]
     - Not sure if he wants to be an owner, not sure if dept members should be the owners, just because they are department members.
     - Owners must have a vested interest in Juno, and not subject to elections.
     - Important to have the proper procedures on the assets, and same for the owners.
   - ## [name=Poroburu]
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Should consider Game Theory and incentive alignment
     - Be careful of politicizing the security of the chain
1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake:
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Validator Set Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/ryXFYgz0p)
     - [Chain Upgrade Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/Bysx--fR6)
     - [dApp Development Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/ByuxgzfRT)
     - [Relayers Activity Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/S1h5QGGA6)
     - [Delegation Power Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671/1218248387472916701)
   - [name=AndreGo]
     - Created roles RFPs
     - Expand the scope of these roles outside of validators
     - worried about this and should do this as soon as possible
       - validators, relayers, application owners have the support they need to
   - [name=kopeboy]
     - Delegation program integration
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Having support of the chain and accountability / ownership of infrastructure will free Council up to focus on strategy
     - Delegation
   - [name=poroburu]
     - in current delegation program, everyone
     - NFT role to support this
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Finalize RFPs
     - [ ] Publiciation Dates
     - [ ] Discuss at Council Meeting
     - [ ] Hold Meeting with Andre, Ray, and others
1. :handshake: **Budget** :handshake:
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Budget for RFPs
     - Determine amount of proposals to return funds to Council
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Budget Q2 Meeting (tenatively Friday)
       - [ ] RFP - Blockchain Engineer
       - [ ] RFP - Validator Set Support
       - [ ] RFP - Chain Upgrade
       - [ ] RFP - dApp Development Support
       - [ ] RFP - Relayers Activities Support
     - [ ] Propose kopeboy for Strategic Reserve working group
1. :handshake: **Department Policies** _(low priority)_
   - [x] Voting Period duration
     - [name=poroburu] voted no because didn't want to increase the cadence of work
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Have not completed the other policies (Chair, Secretary), will work on them going forward
1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy] Received feedback from [name=Lil D]
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Evaluate feedback and provide a final draft for Dev Department
     - [ ] Put up a proposal in Dev Department to adopt CoI policy
1. :handshake: **Developer Relations~~Juno Project and Developer Outreach~~** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Akash Github](https://github.com/akash-network/community)
     - [Akash organization diagram](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1219710331157221557)
     - [Juno Infrastructure and Asset List](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
     - [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1218394733705953411)
     - Consider this to be more like Developer relations
     - Would like to convert this working group to a more permanent Development Relations
       - Scope: promote and enable people to use Juno, specifically developers
     - Working out to projects and getting feedback is a little too narrow
       - reached out to a project to get feedback and didn't get a response
     - **INTEREST**
       - [ ] Documentation
         - [ ] Support Roles
         - [ ] Relayers
         - [ ] CosmWasm
         - [ ] Tooling
     - **ACTIONS**
       - [x] Create a thread for Thursday meetings
       - [ ] Create a thread of Developer Relations
       - [ ] Poroburu joins Juno Council Asset Management working group
1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake:
   - [name=Kopeboy]
     - The review of the tools
       - there is no perfect tools, many tools for specific jobs
       - not about just documentation
       - The DAODAO solution doesn't seem complete.
     - **INTEREST** [name=kopeboy]
       - build a prototype of tools to test internally and see if they work
       - the concept is that the tools can be integrated with Juno Chain
       - long term value for Juno and other organizations
       - use something open-source and hosted for free
       - shouldn't need developers in the council to use the tools
         - assign tasks
         - update documentation
       - items custom-built will require maintenance
   - [name=AndreGo]
     - Scope should be the entire council, not just the department
     - Task System
       - [Discord Thread](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215023707014168616)
       - Jake said that there's some discussion about integrating bounties into DAODAO
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - we just need somewhere to keep our stuff
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Continue the discussion in the thread
     - [ ] A place to assign tasks
     - [ ] Get Dev Department as Members of Juno Github or create Organzation [name=kopeboy]
1. Dev Department Voting Period Duration
   - covered above in Working Group
1. Discussions with Jake
   - Jake not here
1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)
   - [name=kopeboy]
     - Engaged with submissions (every 2 days)
       - Nelson from Ankr
         - Schedule a meeting [Discord post](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1213258535815872532/1219364513846132907)
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Call a meeting with Ankr
1. Legal wrappers for your digital assets
   - [**[LINK]** Discord Working Group](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217218151746375762)
   - [name=AndreGo]
     - Returniflost is a developer that needs Juno to reach out to LexDAO to ask them if they want to support the services
     - [name=returniflost] not prioritize this collaboration, most of the work would need to be completed by LexDAO
     - [Discord Post](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1219725150438686841)
     - **ACTION**
       - [ ] Schedule a meeting with [name=returniflost]
1. Council Meeting Preparation
   - [name=kopeboy] Define a strategy for Juno
     - [Discord Conversation] - https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1211602098865709056
1. Strategy Discussion
   - [name=Kopeboy]
     - Juno should have a vision
     - Create a proposal and present it
   - [name=AndreGo]
     - Kopeboy should present the ideas to the dev
       - convince the peers
   - [name=poroburu]
     - be the change
   - [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - build the authority of the vision through consensus
     - make proposal concrete
     -
