# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Agenda - May 21st, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

-   **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
-   **Date:** May 21st, 2024 16:00 UTC
-   **Agenda**

1. Open Meeting
1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call
    - **Andre (Chair)**
    - **Poroburu (Minutes)**
    - **Lorenzo**
    - **Ray Raspberry**
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
    - **no objections**
1. Agenda Amendments
    - **no amendments**
1. Old Business
1. New Business
1. Close Meeting (stop recording)

-   **Reference:**
    -   [Last Meeting - May 14th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240514-Internal-Minutes.md)
    -   [Next Meeting - May 28th, 2024 16:00 UTC](./20240518-Public-Minutes.md)

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1. :handshake: **Github** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @rayraspberry

    - **RESOURCES**
        - [Github Policy Draft Proposal](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/rknAgqBCa)
        - [Github Dev Dept Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215009386586570752)
    - **DELIVERABLE**
    - [ ] Ray & Dimi meeting to discuss Security Policy

    - **No update this week, Dimi was unavailable. Dimi said he is availible this week in meetin chat**
    - [ ] present `POLICY`
        - [ ] defines qualifications for roles of:
            - [ ] `owner`
            - [ ] `member`
    - [ ] Define New Owners and Members

    - **vesting working group closed**

1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: :bust_in_silhouette: @Dat-Andre

    - **RESOURCES**
        - [Help Requests Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lekMTl9yU3wcAzEl8_1VDOOd8NubQpeP8rplh-AOcIo/edit?pli=1#gid=0)
        - [Discord Working Group Conversation](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671)
        - [RFPs](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/tree/main/departments/development/rfp)
        - [Delegation Power Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671/1218248387472916701)
    - **SCOPE**

    - **DELIVERABLE**
    - [x] Blockchain Maintenance Presentation
        - [x] Candidate 1
            - [x] Proposal Update
            - [ ] Evaluate Updated Proposal
    - [x] dApp Support Presentation
        - [x] Candidate 1
            - [x] Proposal Update
            - [ ] Evaluate proposal
    - [ ] Chain Upgrade
    - [ ] Validator Support
    - [ ]
    - **RFPs recieved, validity private meeing to be held**

1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: @rayraspberry @kopeboy

    - **RESOURCES**
        - [Q3 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
    - **SCOPE**
    - **DELIVERABLE**
        - [ ] Q3 Budget Review
        - [ ] Propose to Approve Q2 Budget on Council Proposal
        - [ ] Juno.Tools terms and scope
        - [ ] Mercury DEX Payment
    - **christiano to make new tab for budget entries**
    - **budget to be focus of 2nd part of public meeting**

1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

    - **RESOURCES**
        - [Draft Policy](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/pull/17)
        - [Operations Dept Policy](https://www.notion.so/junonetwork/Conflict-of-Interest-Disclosures-f4218120c5df496485b85b9bfc0e6dd1)
    - **SCOPE** Coordinate a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` between departments and community to standardize a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
    - **DELIVERABLE**
    - [ ] Update from Council @rayraspberry
        - Feedback from Other Departments
    - [ ] Publish Policy to Github
    - [ ] Propose to Approve Policy at Council @rayraspberry
    - **Lorenzo setting up infrastructure for CoI disclosures**
    - **Andre and Ray praises CoI progress**
    - **Lorenzo praises Lil D for north american CoI context to complement Lorenzo's european CoI knowledge**

1. :handshake: **Asset Management** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]

-   **RESOURCE**
    -   [Discord Topic](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1218394733705953411)
    -   [HackMD Document](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
    -   [VaultWarden Server](https://github.com/akash-network/awesome-akash/pull/326)
-   **SCOPE**
    -   Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
    -   Identify Juno Assets and Owners / Administrators
-   **ACTION**
    -   [ ] Manage Juno Asset discovery and inventory
    -   [ ] Provide Updates on Working Group to Dev department
    -   **poro: uncertain of next steps, github? credentials?**
    -   **ray: github is not an appropriate venue for credentials, shelve WG, admin can inventory and admin the asset management**
    -   **andre: more passionate about asset management and offered to take ownership of working group before moving to inactive**
    -   **poro: agrees**

1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

    - **SCOPE**
        - Determine Requirements and explore potential tooling options
    - **DELIVERABLES**
        - [ ] Transfer ownership of juno.zone to Juno through decentralized ownership
    - **no update**

1. **Documentation**

    - **RESOURCES**
        - [Document Status Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14k69gPJoIi0K9sFxO15uaiMeR_K5JnDB31JbHoIalZ8/edit)
        - [Discord Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1224337590774267934)
    - Define maintainers of the [Docs repo](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/docs) (should we add Dev Dept members?)
    - **andre: highlander was able to make changes to the gitbook**
    - **ray: who has the credentials so that the documentation can be maintained professionally**
    - **andre will look at into the credentials as part of asset management work**
    - **lorenzo: free gitbook only one person has access**

---

### Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]

    - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)

    - **no updates**

1. Community Education - Chain Maintenance

    - **ongoing as RFP needs to be reissued or re-evaluated**

1. Q3 Budget Revisions

    - **REFERENCE** [Q3 Budget Draft](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml)
    - **deferred to public meeting with budget focus**

1. Q1 Compensation

-   **PROPOSAL** [A28](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1gyjl26rnqqyk6cuh6nqtvx8t885jgqagusvpqpvtgaygcjg2wjdqz0rzle/proposals/A28)
    -   **Error in submitting proposal with STARS CCA**
    -   **A28 was rejected, A29 was executed**
    -   **Open issue with DAO DAO over degraded indexer for Juno DAO DAO DAOs**

---

## New Business

1. Private Meeting for RFP-003 dApp Support - Revised Final Proposal
    - **finalize operational details**
    - **start as soon as next week depending on availability**
    - **andre: faucet and documentation need to be done by dApp support team**
    - **ray: they should be self starting and the tasks have been identified**
    - **ray: create subdao to admin this contract, the RFP is rewarded to a role subdao not a specific entity to manage**
    - **Poro: can admin while things are going well, when things are going poorly act as a venue for mediation or arbitration, in all cases increase alignment with DAO DAO. As a roadmap goal there could be community oversight as a jury of our peers to mirror historical multisigs if community members are so inclined**
    - **Andre: does not see the benefit of a sub-dao**
    - **Ray: we already just went through unraveling core-1 oral contracts, someone will come after us**
    - **Andre: why specifically a dev department subdao? Not convinced but accepts dev dept consensus**
    - **Andre: How to enforce, GitHub are more valid recipts over random address tx signatures**
    - **Poro: We don't have a legal wrapper to enforce anything anytime soon**
2. Private Meeting for RFP-001 Blockchain Maintenance - Revised Final Proposal
    - **Andre update: Rejected proposal, will re-evaluate if to resubmit RFP or other other ways to proceed**
    - _Lorenzo's personal opinion (not department's opinion): Wants Reece to find place to contribute, but Reece continues projects he does not care about Juno and the ask is too much. Leave room open for other's to contribute_
    - **Ray: Clarifying lorenzo's opinion is not the department's opinion**
    - **Poro: writing minutes agree with Ray, the personal opinions are for the private meeting, its a yes/no for the department**
3. Website Contribution (Andre)

-   \*\*REFERENCE: [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1241546500794875925)

-   **Andre: Website needs to be maintained and the CMS is proprietary <https://storyblok.com/>**
-   **Andre: Let's not focus on merit of website because it is what it is. We need to maintain it. We have 1 user on free tier but other features may require more expensive pricing tiers**
-   **Lorenzo: let's have a plan, then we can see if storyblocks meets those requirements or we can decide to migrate to a different solution**

-   **Ray: What does comms department do?**
-   **Poro: I have the Charter stick to enforce Comms behavior**
-   **Ray: we need to be sensitive in maintaining Comm's work while providing opportunities to reform**
-   **Poro: agree with ray, this may be an election issue, it is a multi-faceted issue and hard to raise but this may be the focal point to raise it**
-   **Ray: charter needs a minimum of 3 departments**
-   **Andre: Asset management issue**
-   **Ray: Raise issue at Council of who has the authority for website administration**

4. Mercury DEX

-   First Payment
-   Deliverables Document
-   Contract Setup, Agreement, DAO (?)
-   **lorenzo: create precedent policy for the procedure for overseeing the delivery and mediation options for this contract**
-   **andre: consistent on no subdao and should not manage the dex**
-   **ray: agree dev department on not managing dex**
-   **lorenzo: acceptance criteria validated by who? As there are defined deliverable criteria**
-   **Poro: Dev department inherit the RFP and pays it, but it is not development department's business to administrate or validate a community dex. The community (Juno Commonwealth) needs to step up to manage this project.**
-   **Ray: put up final terms and deliverables to Kitsugi to accept**

5. Elections

-   Positions up for election
-   **Andre, Poro, Ray: Multiple people want to be up for election, how to decide priority**
-   **Poro: First in First Out (in accounting/computer science terms of deciding priority)**
-   **Consensus: To resolve priority policy async in the next few weeks leading up to the election**

6. Council Meeting Recap

-   **RESOURCE**: [May 16th Meeting Minutes](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/tree/main/council/events/20240516-Meeting-Public-Minutes.md)

- **Poro: Thanked Ray and The Council for faithfully listening to Poro's championed concerns about informing the Juno Commonwealth about the magnitude of core-1 vesting on the health of the Juno Network protocol**

## TABLED ITEMS (pushed to a future meeting)

1. Hackathon for Juno

    - Potentially October [name=Highlander]

1. Grants for Juno

    - DoraHacks

1. Discussions with Jake
    1. DAODAO Training with Jake [name=kopeboy]
    1. 1337 Society Engagement [name=kopeboy]
        - Comms coordination
