# Development Department Meeting Agenda - February 27th, 2024

###### tags: `Templates` `Meeting`

:::info

- **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
- **Date:** February 27th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**
  1. Roll Call `1min`
  2. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
  3. Agenda Amendments `5min`
  4. Old Business `25min`
  5. New Business `25min`
- **Participants:**
  - [x] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=kopeboy]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting (audio)](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1175785630052126810/1202595374552977439)
  - [Next Meeting - March 5th, 2024](https://hackmd.io/vIGbdRv9S4WzliF4SXgve?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

1. Joel status update
2. Juno Vesting Contracts **Genesis:** [(see original blog post)](https://medium.com/@JunoNetwork/jun%C3%B8-tokenomics-and-utility-powering-the-worlds-first-fully-interoperable-smart-contract-ce9f490c4d97) a. ~~Core Development Reserve = 10M JUNO over 12 years~~ _Cancelled & transferred to the Council (funds are now being used for delegations, managed by the Ops Dep's SubDAO Delegations, [see Prop A4](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A4))_ b. Core Team (aka Core-1) = 1.8M JUNO over 12 years, logaritmically (most has already vested): b1. Dimi = 431k + staking rewards b2. Jake = 431k + staking rewards b3. blockcreators = 431k + staking rewards b4. Wolfcontract (Lobo) = 431k + staking rewards b5. jackzampolin = 57.4k + staking rewards _(see recap calculation linked in [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#) by Cristiano from Ops Dep)_ **Subsequent proposals:** (coming from the original 10M reserve, which had inflated by staking): a. Core-1 (now Dev Dep) Proposal: [Long-term Vest our Best Developers](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1j6glql3xmrcnga0gytecsucq3kd88jexxamxg3yn2xnqhunyvflqr7lxx3/proposals/A9) a1. Reece = 133k JUNO received, 370k left + staking rewards a2. Noah = 131k JUNO received, 270k left + staking rewards a3. ~~Zeke~~ = stopped after 25k JUNO b. Core-1 (now Dev Dep) Proposal: [Long term vest Max Juno as Core 1 member](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1j6glql3xmrcnga0gytecsucq3kd88jexxamxg3yn2xnqhunyvflqr7lxx3/proposals/A14) b1. Max = 105k JUNO received, 295k left + staking rewards c. Juno Gov Prop 141: c1. ~~WYND Fundation~~ = stopped after 47k JUNO (Prop 315)
3. Dex RFP Update
4. Ownership of existing Github Org & Repos
5. Existing contributor work agreements

## New Business

6. Solutions for tasks previously handled by Reece [name=AndreGo]
7. Roles [name=AndreGo] [Reference Document](https://hackmd.io/20oxKOZaTD6N-RSJSd0Qbw)
8. Standard Communication Methods [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - how to contact development department
   - Dev department meeting schedule
     - Public Meetings
     - Internal Meetings
9. Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
10. Management of Council funds
11. Elect the Council Representative and 2 Alternates [Charter Section V](https://hackmd.io/@G2q75faESMyRkexdnhUCpA/B1NPVxxRh#Section-V5-%E2%80%94-Department-Members)
12. Collect current internal tooling & requirements [name=kopeboy]
13. Help define the RFP process
14. Chain maintenance RFP planning
    - requirements / scope
    - service level agreement / coverage
15. 1337 Society engagement 17. Collaboration with Comms Dept
16. Discuss topics which Dev wants to bring to cross-department / Council meeting
