# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - Date, 2024

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] @JakeHartnell (Meow)
  - [ ] @poroburu
  - [ ] @Dat-Andre
  - [ ] @kopeboy (Lorenzo)
  - [ ] @rayraspberry

- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** 
- **Secretary:** 

- **Recording:** 

1. Approve Previous Minutes
    - [ ] [Date](./YYYYMMDD-Meeting-Public-Minutes.md)

2. Working Group Updates
  - 🤝 **Vesting** 🤝 @kopeboy
    - 
  - 🤝 **Github Ownership** 🤝 @kopeboy + @rayraspberry
    -
  - 🤝 **Critical Infrastructure** 🤝 @Dat-Andre
    - 
  - 🤝 **Budget & Treasury** 🤝 @rayraspberry
    - 
  - 🤝 **Conflict of Interest Policy** 🤝 @kopeboy
    - 
  - 🤝 **Development Relations** 🤝 @poroburu
    - 
  - 🤝 **Asset Management** 🤝 @poroburu
    - 
  - 🤝 **Internal Tooling** 🤝
    - 
  - 🤝 **Documentation** 🤝
    - 

## Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)

---

## New Business

1. 

## Amended Agenda Business

1. 