# Juno Dev Dept Meeting - March 5th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** [Twitter Space (recorded)](https://twitter.com/RayRaspberry1/status/1765064865129857184)
- **Date:** March 5th, 2024 17:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Roll Call `1min`
2. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
3. Agenda Amendments `5min`
4. Old Business `25min`
   - Working Group updates
5. New Business `25min`

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:**
  - [Last Meeting - February 27th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/sJ1clDxLTGehL0CFDYxeQg?view)
  - [Next Meeting - March 12th, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/fSPP69WqQaC2H3_HHWi_zQ?view)

:::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1.  :handshake: `Joel Role and Responsibility` [name=Ray Raspberry]
    - **SCOPE** Determine:
      - Joel's Responsibilities
      - Joel's Interest + Availability
    - **DELIVERABLE** Report of what Joel believes his role is including scope and responsibilities
2.  :handshake: `Vesting` [name=kopeboy]
    - **SCOPE** Evaluate Ops position on Genesis Vesting Evaluate Subsequent vesting
    - **DELIVERABLE** make a determination on each vesting position present the preliminary results to Dev Dept for review
3.  :handshake:`Github & Asset ownership` [name=kopeboy]

    - **SCOPE** discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Meow / Jake], [name=Ray Raspberry] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned
    - **DELIVERABLE** present new owners, members for department proposal present a `POLICY` that defines qualifications for roles of `owner` or `member`

4.  :handshake: `Critical Infrastructure` [name=AndreGo]

    - **SCOPE** Determine and define already needed Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles
    - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed structure to Dev Department for review https://hackmd.io/YE12Sxw9QAqVQAQqnfOr3A

5.  :handshake: `Department Policies` [name=Ray Raspberry]

    - **SCOPE** Define Dev Department policies for:
      - Quorum for Voting + Meetings
      - Disassociation Policy
    - **OUT OF SCOPE**
      - Conflict of Interest Policies
    - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies to Dev Department for review

6.  :handshake: `Conflict of Interest Policy` _(low priority)_ [name=kopeboy]

    - **SCOPE** Coordinate between departments and community to develop a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` to create a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
    - **DELIVERABLE** A policy draft presented to the Dev Department for review [Draft 1](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/HJrXscQ6p/edit)

7.  :handshake: `Budget` [name=Ray Raspberry] https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1212108621354373181 _ **SCOPE** Review and Amend Q1 Budget _ Use Cristiano's Budget as a Baseline [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#) _ Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel _ Develop Q2 Budget

        * **DELIVERABLE**
            Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget

---

### General Old Business

1. Standard Communication Form [name=Ray Raspberry]

   - https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9
   - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893
   - Dev Form open messages, responses/coordination in responses
   - [name=kopeboy + Ray Raspberry] will handle form
   - Long-term [name=AndreGo] will add to a Role

1. DAODAO Training with Jake
1. Discord
   - `Working Group` forum
   - Department channel threads
1. Juno Project and Developer Outreach program [name=Ray Raspberry]

## New Business

1. Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification
   - [name=cristiano634] https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933
2. Current internal Tooling & Requirements [name=kopeboy]
3. 1337 Society Engagement
   - Comms dept Collaboration
4. Prioritize Topics to present/discuss before Council
5. Grants for Juno
   - DoraHacks
6. Hackathon for Juno
   - [name=Highlander]
7. Current Council Proposals
   - Disable Quorum
   - Approval of Juno Treasury Diversification Strategy
8. Juno Infrastructure incentives / delegation program
9. Security Group / Chain Security [name=Ray Raspberry]
10. #dev-lounge management

# Meeting Minutes

#### March 5th, 2024 17:25 UTC

1. Joel case is closed. Ray suggests starting a new working group for defining an RFP for maintenance of Juno and finding some party that can guarantee some SLA.

2. `Vesting Working Group` [name=Kopeboy]

   - talked with other departments
   - under develop department 3 vestings, 2 already closed (Noah, Reece)
   - 1 vesting remains open: Max
   - Decisions:
     - Genesis
       - Not pushing for a proposal
       - Will not take a position at this time
   - **ACTION**
     - Call meeting with Comms [name=Ray Raspberry]
       - Cancel Max Vesting in Dev Department
       - Comms take over coordinating with Max and Max's compensation
       -

3. Kopeboy banned for Discord

   - Working with Discord Technical Support

4. `Github & Asset Ownership`

   - No update this week due to other priorities / security update.

5. `Critical Infrastructure` [name=AndreGo]

   - Created a thread in the #dev-department
   - Information + Proposal: https://hackmd.io/YE12Sxw9QAqVQAQqnfOr3A
   - Assign all the roles we need, except SDK development to be defined by another process
     - Compensation
     - Potential Candidates
   - Shared with Jake, Dimi, Basement, Polkachu, Racoon, Yieldmos
     - Feedback was requested for design of the roles, scope for validators
     - Response is positive
   - **ACTION**
     - Share with Validator Set
       - Get feedback, design SLA agreements based on historical data
     - Coordinate with Operations
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - Process ready for the next quarter (Q2) to start

6. :handshake: `Department Policies` [name=Ray Raspberry]

   - No update
   - push to the next meeting

7. `Conflict of Interest Policy`

   - Draft created: https://hackmd.io/-2pZb5vcTPGQtiC9zi02xA
   - **ACTIONS**
     - Members read draft and provide feedback to [name=Kopeboy]

8. DAODAO Training with Jake

   - No update, jake Busy with ETHDenver

9. Discord - Working Group / Threads

   - Using Forum instead of threads for more flexible permissions
   - **ACTION** [name=Ray Raspberry]
     - Bring up Forum creation to #cross-department

10. :handshake: `Juno Project and Developer Outreach` Working Group [name=Poroburu]

    - **ACTION**
      - Contact Projects & Developers for Feedback on Juno
    - **DELIVERABLE**
      - Return Feedback to dev department

11. Management of Council Funds / Treasury Diversification

    - https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1212878425833082933
    - kopeboy:
      - when there are expenses in USD, put in budget, and provision USDC (selling Juno) to cover known expenses.
      - Should not just sell JUNO for undefined expenses in the future
      - Would like to see quotes in USDC and JUNO
    - AndreGo:
      - Reason for Charter to be live is to be pro-active and having a small USDC reserve in treasury to cover expenses
      - Juno contributors will / should receive JUNO
      - It makes sense to have a small buffer
      - If you have a service provider they are expecting to be compensated
    - Issuing RFPs we will see if bids will ask for JUNO or ask for USDC
    - **ACTION**
      - [name=Ray Raspberry]
        - Council Prop #8
          - https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A8
          - Call a Council meeting
          - Come to an agreement on Prop #8

12. Proposals [name=Ray Raspberry]

    1. Create Dev Dept prop to vote on Council Prop #7 https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A7
    1. Create Dev Dept prop to remove Department quorum

13. Council Meeting discussion
    - Potential Topics
      1. Genesis Vesting
      2. Council Funds / Treasury Diversification
      3. [Council Prop #8](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1nmezpepv3lx45mndyctz2lzqxa6d9xzd2xumkxf7a6r4nxt0y95qypm6c0/proposals/A8)

**Unaddressed items moved to next meeting, March 12th**
