# Juno Dev Dept Meeting - April 9th, 2024

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Development Department`

:::info

- **Location:** #meetings https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085
- **Date:** April 9th, 2024 16:00 UTC
- **Agenda**

1. Start Recording `/join`
1. Roll Call `1min`
1. Review and Approve Previous Meeting Minutes `5min`
1. Agenda Amendments `5min`
1. Old Business `60min`
   - Working Group updates `40m`
1. New Business `30min`
1. End Meeting (Agenda/Minutes Read Only)

- **Participants:**
  - [ ] [name=Meow / Jake]
  - [x] [name=Poroburu]
  - [x] [name=AndreGo]
  - [x] [name=kopeboy / Lorenzo]
  - [x] [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Contact:** [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** [name=AndreGo]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Reference:** - [Last Meeting - April 2nd, 2024 17:00 UTC](https://hackmd.io/F9BEFF6YRquQxtJEROZXhA?view) - [Next Meeting - April 16th, 2024 16:00 UTC]() :::

# Itemized Agenda

## Old Business

### Working Group Reports:

1. :handshake: **Vesting** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE** Reece and Noah vested token unstaking and recovery
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Proposal to Unstake + Claim Noah vesting tokens
     - [ ] Proposal Unstake + Claim Reece vesting tokens
1. :handshake: **Github & Asset ownership** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE** discuss with [name=dimi], [name=Meow / Jake], [name=Ray Raspberry] and others as neccessary to define `POLICY` to how owners and members are assigned
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Github Policy Draft Proposal](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/rknAgqBCa)
     - [Github Dev Dept Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215009386586570752)
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] present new owners, members for department proposal
     - [ ] present `POLICY`
       - [ ] defines qualifications for roles of:
         - [ ] `owner`
         - [ ] `member`
     - [ ] [name=kopeboy] + [name=Ray Raspberry] refine policy
     - [ ] Contact blockcreators
1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: [name=AndreGo]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Technical Roles - Internal Doc](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/r1MCE97pa)
     - [Help Requests Document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lekMTl9yU3wcAzEl8_1VDOOd8NubQpeP8rplh-AOcIo/edit?pli=1#gid=0)
     - [Discord Working Group Conversation](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671)
     - [Validator Set Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/ryXFYgz0p)
     - [Chain Upgrade Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/Bysx--fR6)
     - [dApp Development Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/ByuxgzfRT)
     - [Relayers Activity Support](https://hackmd.io/@andreGo/S1h5QGGA6)
     - [Delegation Power Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1217038245574082671/1218248387472916701)
   - **SCOPE** Define Critical Roles and potential candidates and compensation for these roles
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Finalize RFPs
     - [x] Publiciation Dates
     - [x] Discuss at Council Meeting
     - [ ] Hold Meeting with Andre, Ray, and others
1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft RFP Blockchain Maintenance Engineer](https://hackmd.io/tVFeuZU6RKeze2QY9PYBPA)
     - [Forecast 2024](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/e/2PACX-1vSsQQcLg3ExZ642oNnA_viARqniyC4-J6CW6nyrIoyK-BQuahrbR5mJXeROjuWw3IZ4XL96CWi-sBqb/pubhtml#)
     - [Q2 Budget Dev Dep WIP](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1k8MpvUl3-rp6tIx5CGt2d3amNUGchMEqQv4WCDEjqaE/)
   - **SCOPE**
     - Use Cristiano's Budget as a Baseline:
       - Update the Budget to the Council with the new personnel
     - Develop Q2 Budget
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Blockchain Engineer RFP Responses / Status
     - [ ] Budget Q2 Meeting (tenatively Friday)
       - [ ] RFP - Blockchain Engineer
       - [ ] RFP - Validator Set Support
       - [ ] RFP - Chain Upgrade
       - [ ] RFP - dApp Development Support
       - [ ] RFP - Relayers Activities Support
     - [ ] Propose kopeboy for Strategic Reserve working group 15th 2024
     - [ ] Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget
1. :handshake: **Department Policies** _(low priority)_ :handshake: [name=Poroburu] & [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - **SCOPE** Define Dev Department policies to submit as department proposals
   - **OUT OF SCOPE**
     - Conflict of Interest Policies
   - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies & procedures to Dev Department for review
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Chair
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Secretary
     - [ ] Disassociation Policy
     - [ ] Private Meeting Disclosure & Resolution
1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft Document](https://hackmd.io/@8minKXPBR2aj-IgFuUgv1w/HJrXscQ6p/edit)
     - [Operations Dept Policy](https://www.notion.so/junonetwork/Conflict-of-Interest-Disclosures-f4218120c5df496485b85b9bfc0e6dd1)
   - **SCOPE** Coordinate a `Conflict of Interest (CoI) Policy` between departments and community to standardize a minimum threshold for CoI disclosure
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Evaluate feedback and provide a final draft for Dev Department
     - [ ] Put up a proposal in Dev Department to adopt CoI policy
     - [ ] (tentative) Bring to Council for a vote
1. :handshake: **Developer Relations ~~Juno Project and Developer Outreach~~** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]
   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Akash Github](https://github.com/akash-network/community)
     - [Akash organization diagram](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1185233414547329085/1219710331157221557)
     - [Juno Infrastructure and Asset List](https://hackmd.io/xaRvq0BgT3yJ6cUhnhg6zg)
     - [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1218394733705953411)
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Manage Juno Asset discovery and inventory
     - [ ] Create a thread of Developer Relations
     - [ ] Poroburu joins Juno Council Asset Management working group
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [ ] Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
     - [ ] Provide Updates on Working Group to Dev department
1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - **SCOPE**
     - Determine Requirements and explore potential tooling options
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Continue the discussion in the thread
     - [ ] A place to assign tasks
     - [ ] Get Dev Department as Members of Juno Github or create Organzation [name=kopeboy]
     - [ ] Transfer ownership of juno.zone to Juno through decentralized ownership

---

### General Old Business

1. Review Responses to [Dev Department Communication Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9) [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - [[**LINK**] Responses Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s0g6kulm7kis5GBGmj2oJLbKQtDHyILKfDLlvGMwmfc/edit#gid=7875893)
1. Darkside Podcast Request

## New Business

1. Council Meeting Review [name=Ray Raspberry]
   1. Administrator RFP
   1. Proposed Budget Review
   1. New Metric
   1. Abstract SDK
   1. Juno.Tools handoff to Development Department
   1. Working Group Assignments
1. Documentation **RESOURCES** [Document Status Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14k69gPJoIi0K9sFxO15uaiMeR_K5JnDB31JbHoIalZ8/edit) [Discord Discussion](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1224337590774267934)
1. Juno.Tools
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Create RFP to Maintain Juno.Tools
1. Endorsement of Community DEX Proposal from Operations Council Discussion upcoming, vote coming after
1. Liquidity SubDAO (operations) testing proposals Two proposals to test veto incoming from Operations / Council The purpose is to affirm that the VETO from the Council is possible
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] [name=Ray Raspberry] Put up Dev Dept Proposals to Affirm VETO test
1. Github Repository for Council and Development Department
   1. **Resources**: [Council Repository](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council)
1. #cross-department
   1. Interchain Test Fix
      1. [Github Request](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1189737376520618025/1227206807529848962)
   2. Review of PR
      1. https://github.com/CosmosContracts/juno/pull/993

## TABLED ITEMS (pushed to a future meeting)

1. Hackathon for Juno
   - Potentially October [name=Highlander]
1. Grants for Juno
   - DoraHacks
1. Discussions with Jake
   1. DAODAO Training with Jake [name=kopeboy]
   1. 1337 Society Engagement [name=kopeboy]
      - Comms coordination
1. Discussions with Jake
   1. DAODAO Training with Jake [name=kopeboy]
   1. 1337 Society Engagement [name=kopeboy]
      - Comms coordination

---

# Meeting Minutes

#### April 9th, 2024 16:00 UTC

1. Review & Approve Previous Meeting Minutes
   - [x] April 2nd, 2009
1. :handshake: **Vesting** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - Waiting on vesting tokens unbonding time on April 19th, 2024
1. :handshake: **Github & Asset ownership** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]
   - No new updates on policy or contacting blockcreators
   - Discussed Security generally at Council meeting and a working group creation
   - Github access for Dev Department now
1. :handshake: **Critical Infrastructure** :handshake: [name=AndreGo]
   - Comms has helped get the article out and a tweet thread
   - [Tweet Thread](https://twitter.com/JunoNetwork/status/1777370996699279538)
   - Kopeboy - should push more to communicate deadlines more
   - Kopeboy - gained access to LinkedIn and posted a job there and thinks we should post RFPs there
   - **ACTION**
     - [ ] Discussion with Comms and Dev async about how to expand the distribution of RFPs
       - [ ] Develop or Request from Comms a Standard Distribution
       - [ ] [Thread to Discuss](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1215364535838449695)
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [x] Blockchain Engineer RFP Responses / Status
     - [x] Budget Q2 Meeting (tenatively Friday)
       - [x] RFP - Blockchain Engineer
       - [x] RFP - Validator Set Support
       - [x] RFP - Chain Upgrade
       - [x] RFP - dApp Development Support
       - [x] RFP - Relayers Activities Support
     - [x] Propose kopeboy for Strategic Reserve working group 15th 2024
     - [x] Present Q1 budget and Q2 budget
     - [ ] Receive submissions
     - [ ] Review submissions
1. :handshake: **Budget & Treasury** :handshake: [name=Ray Raspberry] [name=kopeboy]
   - Council Budget discussion
   - Administrator RFP and budget moved to Operations to create an RFP
1. :handshake: **Department Policies** _(low priority)_ :handshake: [name=Poroburu] & [name=Ray Raspberry]
   - Planning to do the Privacy Policy as the RFP process proceeds for Blockchain Engineer
   - **DELIVERABLE** Present proposed policies & procedures to Dev Department for review
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Chair
     - [ ] Procedure/Policy for assigning Secretary
     - [ ] Disassociation Policy
     - [ ] Private Meeting Disclosure & Resolution
1. :handshake: **Conflict of Interest Policy** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

   - **RESOURCES**
     - [Draft Policy Link](https://hackmd.io/u2O6dkn2RfaOVR27bZADFA?view)
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Evaluate feedback and provide a final draft for Dev Department
     - [ ] Migrate CoI Conversations to Council `Policy Standardization` Working Group
   - **UPDATES** [name=kopeboy]
     - Refined some points and working through structuring language on conclusion
     - Discussed Airdrop and Gift Conflict of Interest and Policy
       - all in some agreement that Departments should not accept and transfer to community gifts and airdrops received

1. :handshake: **Developer Relations ~~Juno Project and Developer Outreach~~** :handshake: [name=Poroburu]
   - **ACTION**
     - [x] Poroburu joins Juno Council Asset Management working group
   - **DELIVERABLE**
     - [x] Participate on Council `Asset Management` Working Group
1. :handshake: **Internal Tooling** :handshake: [name=kopeboy]

   - **UPDATES**

     - Working on integrating tooling with the Juno Chain
     - Found tool to define data model with nice UI with automated workflows: https://Directus.pizza

   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Schedule a meeting on Friday
     - [ ] Continue the discussion in the thread
     - [ ] A place to assign tasks, priorities
     - [ ] Get Dev Department as Members of Juno Github or create Organzation [name=kopeboy]
     - [ ] Transfer ownership of juno.zone to Juno through decentralized ownership

1. RFP Submissions
   - Process to Proceed:
     - [ ] Draft Policy
     - [ ] Meeting on Thursday, April 11th, 2024 16:00 UTC
1. Darkside Podcast Interview Request
   - **DELIVERABLES**
     - [ ] Draft a reply declining [name=kopeboy]
     - [ ] Submit to Dept to approve

- Council Meeting Reviews
  - Admin RFP
    - Moved to Operations to propose and complete
  - Proposed Budget Review
    - Comms Department working on RFPs
  - New Metric
    - **ACTION** will schedule meeting
  - Abstract
    - Working group created
  - Juno.Tools
    - After Budget approval, the dev department will take over management and maintenance of Juno.Tools
  - Working Group Assignments
    - Strategic Reserve WG
      - Kopeboy
      - Cristiano
    - Security
      - Dimi
      - Ray
    - Asset Management
      - Poroburu
- Documentation [name=AndreGo]
  - need someone to have a helicopter view of all documentation
  - Could potentially use the administrator position
  - potentially could need to use a technical documentation professional
- Juno.tools
  - Check with Denis and confirm everything on Juno.tools is working
- Endorsement of Community DEX Proposal from Operations
  - taking community feedback on Commonwealth
- Liquidity SubDAO
  - Testing Council VETO
  - Waiting for update or status from Operations Department
- #cross-department requests from Operations
  - AndreGo will send a message to Jake
- Jake assigned to work on the PR review
  - https://github.com/CosmosContracts/juno/pull/993
  - Bounty and Retroactive Rewards implementation into DAODA
