# Juno Dev Dept Meeting Minutes - [date]
- **Participants:**
  - [ ] @JakeHartnell (Meow)
  - [ ] @poroburu
  - [ ] @Dat-Andre
  - [ ] @kopeboy (Lorenzo)
  - [ ] @rayraspberry
  
- **Contact:** dev.dept@juno.zone or [Juno Development Department Contact Form](https://forms.gle/rzCphth2rTPjKzum9)
- **Chair:** 
- **Secretary:** 

- **Recording:**

1. Approve Previous Minutes
    - [ ] [ ]( )
    
2. Working Group Updates
    - 🤝 **Vesting** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Github & Asset Ownership** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Critical Infrastructure** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Budget & Treasury** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Department Policies** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Conflict of Interest Policy** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Development Relations** 🤝
    - 🤝 **Internal Tooling** 🤝

### Old Business

### New Business
