# Development Department Official Statement
## Re: Juno Commonwealth Proposal #349: Signal proposal for the council to put dapps as the first priority
#### May 10th, 2024

The Juno Charter Development Department recommends rejecting Juno Proposal #349.

We acknowledge the critical role that decentralized applications (dApps) play in the growth and vitality of the Juno ecosystem.

However, the Development Department stands behind the current efforts to implement and adhere to the current Request for Proposal (RFP) structure as outlined in the Juno Charter.

Relevant Charter RFPs in progress:

* dApp Support role, by the Development Department
* Blockchain Maintenance Engineer, by the Development Department
* Community DEX, by the Operations Department
* Content Creation roles, by the Communications Department

These Charter RFP initiatives are designed to facilitate transparent decision-making, accountability in execution, foster collaboration among the Juno Community, and set expectations for elected Charter Delegates and the providers of procured services. 

While Juno Proposal #349 highlights the need for dApp development, the Development Department believes the Charter's RFP structure is better positioned to bootstrap a dApp ecosystem that the Juno Commonwealth deserves.

The Development Department invites Juno Commonwealth proposal authors to engage with us for discussion and feedback.  Through collaborative discussions we can work together to align proposed initiatives with the Charter's principles and current Department activities in process. Correspondence can be directed to `dev.dept@juno.zone`, and we commit to providing a thoughtful response within two weeks.  All correspondence with Development Department should be considered public unless there is a special exception case as specified in the Charter.

##### Reference:

* Development Department Proposal Affirming Statement: [Proposal A27](https://daodao.zone/dao/juno1gyjl26rnqqyk6cuh6nqtvx8t885jgqagusvpqpvtgaygcjg2wjdqz0rzle/proposals/A27)
* [Github: Statement Source](https://github.com/CosmosContracts/council/blob/c5c3457a00bebe0a64f6475c38d708fd84b8c586/departments/development/statements/proposal_349/statement-20240511-01.md)

* [Juno Network Proposal #349](https://www.mintscan.io/juno/proposals/349)

* [Commonwealth Discussion](https://commonwealth.im/juno/discussion/16718-farmville-style-dapp-tutorial-dapp-for-juno)
