Juno Council—Minutes
Date: 16 May 2024 
Time: 15:00 UTC


Meeting called to order by: Ray Raspberry

In attendance: Dimi (Ops), Ray Raspberry (Dev), Highlander (Comms)

Approval of minutes: Previous meeting minutes (3 May) are approved

Old Business: None

Agenda (here)

Change Meeting Time: Highlander proposes moving Council meetings to 19:00 UTC. Dimi and Ray approve.

Q3 Budget: Q2 budget timelock will release this week. Ray proposes Q3 budgets should begin preparation of drafts as soon as possible for public comment and to ensure that timelock coincides with Q3 start. Dimi and Highlander agree.

Elections: Currently scheduled elections are set to place new seats on 1 July. Ray mentions that the Charter Revision WG has proposed staggering seats into two classes. Departments will need to review membership and determine which seats will be vacated for new appointments.

Administrator RFP: The RFP under Operations still needs to be posted. Highlander will look into advertising the role beyond Web3.

Blockchain Maintenance RFP: A revised proposal has been submitted.

dApp Support RFP: Finalized RFP coming this week.

RFP Process: Highlander asks how to handle proposals with competing bids or proposers undercutting/front-running each other. Ray suggests blind submissions and publishing them in phases when moving to review step.

Mercury DEX RFP: Ray says that Development will submit finalized agreement with Kintsugi in the next day or so. Ops’ DCA strategy to Dev is working as intended.

Core-1 Vesting Contracts: Dimi is against forcing Core-1 members to give up their vesting or even convert to a new vesting contract/agreement; he prefers everything to be voluntary and worries anything else will be similar to Prop 16. Dimi proposes canceling Lobo and restructuring his and Jake’s vesting as they’ve agreed to it, but leave Jack and Lobo alone as they do not wish to cooperate. Highlander agrees about the risk of drama. Ray proposes that an objective assessment of the vestings should be made and based on the impact to the chain’s growth; the Council can share the assessment and the community can decide how they want to proceed.

Vision: Highlander and Ray say we need teams and builders that are interested in building on JUNO, not teams that are good at submitting grant proposals.

Vesting Tokens under Core-1: These have been sent to Council.

DAO DAO Reinitialization: Dimi says that Operations has reinitialized the DAO DAO vesting agreement under Proposal 285.

GitHub Ownership: Ray and Dimi still need to meet.

Conflict of Interest Policy: Ready for this to go live for Council approval. 

Website RFP Dashboard: Highlander says Design DAO has done a quick fix for the website problem, but they feel that the RFP Dashboard is a lot of work. Simpler solution may be possible.

Asset Management: Poroburu (Dev) will be taking lead on this. Dimi has concern about GitBook(?) license [unclear]. 


Moved to Next Meeting

Q2 Budget

Elections

Action Items

Change Meeting Time: Future Council meetings updated to 19:00 UTC.

Elections: Departments should review Charter policy revisions and plan for elections.

Administrator RFP: Operations should update on the RFP status.

RFPs: Blockchain Maintenance, dApp Support will be updated soon. Operations will update status on Administrator RFP.

Core-1 Vesting Contracts: Council (or Operations) can prepare information to share on the impact of C1 vesting schedule on chain growth.

Conflict of Interest Policy: Policy will go up for Council ratification.



Next Meeting: 30 May 2024

Minutes Prepared By: Lil D

