Juno Council Meeting - April 4th, 2024
===

###### tags: `Meeting` `Juno` `Council`

Location: [#stage-meetings](https://discord.com/channels/816256689078403103/1195704025664978966)
Date: **April 4th, 2024 15:00 UTC**

- **Chair:** [name=Ray Raspberry]
- **Secretary:** [name=Ray Raspberry]

   
### **Department Representatives:**
- [x] Operations: **Dimi**
- [x] Communications: **Highlander**
- [x] Development: **Ray Raspberry**

## Meeting Minutes 

### 1. Working Groups (Updates)

- Not much work done 
- Try to assign some people to coordinate the efforts
- Open working groups to anyone interested


#### **Strategic Reserve / Treasury Diversification**
    * OTC Deals / Fixed exchange offerings
    * Appoint Department members

Cristiano from Ops and Kopeboy from Dev will start leading efforts 

#### **Security / Operational Security** 
    * Disclosure policy
    * Security Group membership
    * Response & resolution procedures

Dimi can help as being one of the first point of contact for core chain security

Dev department to lead the efforts

Setup authorization levels for information / communications

Highlander dimi & ray to meet soon so that we can define a general structure

#### **Asset Management**
    * Appoint Department Members

Poroburo from dev to lead this

Dimi / Jake / Max to provide missing information from core-1

### 3. New Business

#### Prop A9 - Approved & executed - Ops will start diversification after the other one finishes

#### Attendence / Delegate Qualifications for March 2024
    - all members from ops dev and comms qualify for attendance
    - Ops department to define a standard for attendance & proposal voting
    - Comms to get back on track with public meetings and accountability

public meetings attendance:
- https://junonetwork.notion.site/5eb8018e63224391b96faf28bf01084a?v=f05f3dc1a3584577a7d07e6a05044a4c&pvs=4
    - https://hackmd.io/@rayraspberry/rk1Zu8o1A

#### Policy Development and Standards
- Ops & dev to work all hands on the conflict of interest policy
- Deparments to agree on it and fill it

#### Q2 Budget discussion & planning
- Dev department started RFP for various chain maintenance position
- Ops department added a new position for an administrator which will help organizing the deparments meetings
- Comms to verify prop 309 and propose something

#### Administrative Position RFP
- Ops to take the lead on draft the rfp 
- Ray to help with his experience

todos
- create a working group with abstract 

#### GitHub Repository for Council

- Dimi to create a new council repo, with groups for each dept


#### Elections
- talk in next meeting- 